FIX: Update and cleanup the peer review section of our guide (#148)
pyOpenSci/peer-review-guide: software-peer-review-guide/intro.md

There are several components to the pyOpenSci peer review process. Below, we overview the entire process
from start to finish.

### Step 0. *optional* : Author submits pre-submission inquiry

> A **presubmission inquiry** is wise to do if you are unsure of whether your package 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **presubmission inquiry** is useful if you are unsure whether your package 
```

is in scope. To submit a pre-submission inquiry, open up an issue using the presubmission template in our [pyopensci/software-review repository](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/software-review/issues/new/choose/). During this time an Editor in Chief will review for scope and performs 
basic checks for package infrastructure

- Estimated time: ~1-2 weeks

**These are the basic checks that your package should have prior to being submitted for peer review**

```{include} ../appendices/pre-review-package-requirements.md
```

### 1. Author submits their package for review

To do this, you open an issue using the software submission template in our
[pyopensci/software-review repository](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/software-review/issues/new/choose/).

### 2. Editor in Chief reviews package submission

The Editor in Chief will review your submission at this point for both package scope and minimal infrastructure criteria 

> (listed above) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(listed above).
```

> Time: ~ 2-3 weeks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time: ~2-3 weeks
```

### 4. Peer review of submitted Python Package begins 

> Once we had an editor and 2 reviewers on board, review begins. **Reviewers have 3 weeks to return a review.** To do this

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once we have an editor and 2 reviewers on board, review begins. **Reviewers have 3 weeks to return a review.** To do this
```

> they will use our reviewer template in the [reviewer guide](reviewer-guide.md) and past that, filled out, into the issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
they will use our reviewer template in the [reviewer guide](reviewer-guide.md) and paste that, filled out, into the issue.
```

TIME: ~3 weeks 

### 5. Author responds to reviews

At this point the authors should respond to the review. We prefer that **authors
respond within 2 weeks of the submitted review**. We also understand that it may 
take longer to actually implement the changes requested in the review. But we
request that authors respond to reviews to acknowledge
that they have seen them.

> The reviewers are encouraged to open pull requests and issues in to help the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reviewers are encouraged to open pull requests and issues to help the 
```

maintainers update their package.

*Often there is some back and forth between reviewers and maintainers at this step.*

There is no specified duration for this period. Rather as long as all 
parties are responsive within 2 weeks the review shall continue until the author has completed work addressing the reviews.

### 6. Package acceptance

Once the maintainers have completed updating the package, the assigned editor 
will ask the reviewers if they are happy with changes made. At this point the 
editor performs one last check on the package. And accepts it if that is appropriate.
 
Now, there are a few final cleanup activities including:
 

>  * adding the pyOpenSci peer-reviewed badge to the package README file
>  * creating a new release on GitHub from the reviewed version
>  * adding package authors and the package to the pyOpenSci website 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Adding the pyOpenSci peer-reviewed badge to the package README file.
 * Creating a new release on GitHub from the reviewed version.
 * Adding package authors and the package to the pyOpenSci website.
```
